== Math native object extensions ==

*Math.baseLog*
{{{
Math.baseLog(Number [, Base = 10]) -> Number
}}}
Returns log(Number) with a given base. Default base is 10 if omitted.
----

*Math.cosh*
{{{
Math.cosh(Number) -> Number
}}}
Returns the hyperbolic cosine of a number. Gets a number, and returns a number.
----

*Math.factorize*
{{{
Math.factorize(Number) -> Array
}}}
Returns the unique prime factorization of a number. Gets a positive integer, and returns an array of prime numbers.
----

*Math.mean*
{{{
Math.mean(Array) -> Number
}}}
Returns the mean value of an array of numbers. Gets an array of numbers, and returns a number.
----

*Math.median*
{{{
Math.median(Array) -> Number
}}}
Returns the median value of an array of numbers. Gets an array of numbers, and returns a number.
----

*Math.sinh*
{{{
Math.sinh(Number) -> Number
}}}
Returns the hyperbolic sine of a number. Gets a number, and returns a number.
----

*Math.stdDev*
{{{
Math.stdDev(Array) -> Number
}}}
Returns the standard deviation value of an array of numbers. Gets an array of numbers, and returns a number.
----

*Math.sum*
{{{
Math.sum(Array) -> Number
}}}
Returns the sum of an array of numbers. Gets an array of numbers, and returns a number.
----

*Math.tanh*
{{{
Math.tanh(Number) -> Number
}}}
Returns the hyperbolic tangent of a number. Gets a number, and returns a number.
----

*Math native functions*

The Javascript Math Object also offers great native functions! They can be found at [http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_obj_math.asp www.w3schools.com].

----

[MathExtendDoc back to main wiki page]